Add to type_alias doc (#5271)
sorbet/sorbet: website/docs/type-aliases.md

signature into a type alias, not just types for individual arguments?"

No, there is not. This is mostly for simplicity of implementation within Sorbet.

Two workarounds are:

1.  Define type aliases for all argument and return types of the methods in
    question.
2.  Factor shared arguments into a typed data structure (perhaps using
    [T::Struct]), and update the methods in question to take that structure.

Note that types for lambdas and procs can be written in type aliases using
[proc types](procs.md).

## What about recursive type aliases?

Some languages have recursive type aliases. For example, TypeScript allows
writing type aliases like this one which vaguely describes the type of all JSON
documents (example uses TypeScript syntax):

```typescript
type JSON = null | number | string | JSON[] | {[arg: string]: JSON};
```

Sorbet does not support recursive type aliases. To have types that reference
themselves, use [class types].

```ruby
class SelfReferential
  extend T::Sig

  sig {returns(T.nilable(SelfReferential))}
  attr_reader :val

  sig {params(val: T.nilable(SelfReferential)).void}
  def initialize(val); @val = val; end
end
```

> Unfortunate for the case of typing JSON, this generally leads to more verbosity
> than in other languages, but can still accomplish somethin similar:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unfortunately for the case of typing JSON, this generally leads to more verbosity
than in other languages, but can still accomplish something similar:
```
